_pages/program.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Program
---

# Program


**Monday, October 17, 2022**
(US Central Time, UTC-5)

Venue: Level Two of the Omni Oklahoma City Hotel, [Oklahoma Station 6](https://www.omnihotels.com/-/media/images/hotels/okcdtn/hotel/okcdtn-omni-oklahoma-city-floor-plans)

---

<table class="program">
  <tr>
    <td>2:00pm &ndash; 2:05pm</td>
    <td>
      Opening Remarks<br/>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>2:05pm &ndash; 3:00pm</td>
    <td>
      <h4>Keynote Presentation
      </h4>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

---

**Title TBA**

_Professor Robert Ghrist, University of Pennsylvania_

Abstract TBA

#### Speaker

<img style="padding: 0; margin: 0 0 1em 1em; float: right; width: 20%" src="assets/ghrist.jpg" />
Robert Ghrist (Ph.D., Cornell, Applied Mathematics, 1995) is the Andrea Mitchell PIK Professor of Mathematics and Electrical & Systems Engineering at the University of Pennsylvania. He is a recognized leader in the field of Applied Algebraic Topology, working in sensor networks, robotics, signal processing, data analysis, optimization, and more. He is an award-winning researcher, teacher, and expositor of Mathematics and its applications. In his spare time, he enjoys animation and video production.

<br>

---

<table class="program">
  <tr>
    <td>3:00pm &ndash; 3:15pm</td>
    <td>
      <h4>Session: Performance</h4>
      (Session Chair: Brian Summa)
      <ul>
        <li>
           Fast Merge Tree Computation via SYCL
           <br><i>Arnur Nigmetov, Dmitriy Morozov</i> (online)
           <br/>
        </li>
        <li>
           Counterexamples expose gaps in the proof of time complexity for cover trees introduced in 2006
           <br><i>Yury Elkin, Vitaliy Kurlin</i>
           <br/>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>
  
  <tr>
    <td>3:15pm &ndash; 3:45pm</td>
    <td>Break</td>
  </tr>
  
  <tr>
    <td>3:45pm &ndash; 3:59pm</td>
    <td>
      <h4>Session: Comparison</h4>
      (Session Chair: Brian Summa)
      <ul>
        <li>
           Autoencoder-Aided Visualization of Collections of Morse Complexes
           <br><i>Jixian Li,Dan Van Boxel, Joshua A Levine</i>
           <br/>
        </li>
        <li>
           A Deformation-based Edit Distance for Merge Trees
           <br><i>Florian Wetzels, Christoph Garth</i>
           <br/>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>  
  
  <tr>
    <td>3:59pm &ndash; 4:20pm</td>
    <td>
      <h4>Session: Bivariate and vector data</h4>
      (Session Chair: Christoph Garth)
      <ul>
        <li>
           Reduced Connectivity for Local Bilinear Jacobi Sets
           <br><i>Daniel Kl&ouml;tzl, Tim Krake, Youjia Zhou, Kathrin Schulte, Ingrid Hotz, Bei Wang, Daniel Weiskopf</i>
           <br/>
        </li>
        <li>
           Jacobi Set Driven Search for Flexible Fiber Surface Extraction
           <br><i>Mohit Sharma, Vijay Natarajan</i> (online)
           <br/>
        </li>
        <li>
           Discussion and Visualization of Distinguished Hyperbolic Trajectories as a Generalization of Critical Points to 2D Time-dependent Flow
           <br><i>Roxana Bujack</i> (online)
           <br/>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>  
  
  <tr>
    <td>4:20pm &ndash; 4:34pm</td>
    <td>
      <h4>Session: Analytics</h4>
      (Session Chair: Christoph Garth)
      <ul>
        <li>
           ClassMat: a Matrix of Small Multiples to Analyze the Topology of Multiclass Multidimensional Data
           <br><i>Michael Aupetit, Ahmed Ali, Abdelkader Baggag, Halima Bensmail</i> (online)
           <br/>
        </li>
        <li>
           Untangling Force-Directed Layouts Using Persistent Homology
           <br><i>Bhavana Doppalapudi, Bei Wang, Paul Rosen</i>
           <br/>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr> 
  
  <tr>
    <td>4:34pm &ndash; 4:55pm</td>
    <td>
      <h4>Session: Applications</h4>
      (Session Chair: Federico Iuricich)
      <ul>
        <li>
           Exploring Cyclone Evolution with Hierarchical Features
           <br><i>Emma Nilsson, Jonas Lukasczyk, Wito Engelke, Talha Bin Masood, Gunilla Svensson, Rodrigo Caballero, Christoph Garth, Ingrid Hotz</i>
           <br/>
        </li>
        <li>
           Towards Benchmark Data Generation for Feature Tracking in Scalar Fields
           <br><i>Emma Nilsson, Jonas Lukasczyk, Talha Bin Masood, Christoph Garth, Ingrid Hotz</i>
           <br/>
        </li>
        <li>
           Subject-Specific Brain Activity Analysis in fMRI Data Using Merge Trees
           <br><i>Farhan Rasheed, Daniel J&ouml;nsson, Emma Nilsson, Talha Bin Masood, Ingrid Hotz</i> (online)
           <br/>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr> 
  
  <tr>
    <td>4:55pm &ndash; 5:00pm</td>
    <td>
      <h4>Early career lightning talks</h4>
      (Session Chair: Federico Iuricich)
      <ul>
        <li>
           Raghavendra Sridharamurthy
           <br><i> Indian Institute of Science</i>
           <br/>
        </li>
        <li>
           Tananun Songdechakraiwut
           <br><i>University of Wisconsin–Madison</i>
           <br/>
        </li>
        <li>
           Hyeon Jeon
           <br><i>Seoul National University</i>
           <br/>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr> 
  
  <tr>
    <td>5:00pm &ndash; 5:05pm</td>
    <td>
      <h4>Best paper award and closing</h4>
<!--       (Session Chair: TDA) -->
    </td>
  </tr> 
</table>

Commit message:

added keynote abstract and title

_pages/program.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Program
---

# Program


**Monday, October 17, 2022**
(US Central Time, UTC-5)

Venue: Level Two of the Omni Oklahoma City Hotel, [Oklahoma Station 6](https://www.omnihotels.com/-/media/images/hotels/okcdtn/hotel/okcdtn-omni-oklahoma-city-floor-plans)

---

<table class="program">
  <tr>
    <td>2:00pm &ndash; 2:05pm</td>
    <td>
      Opening Remarks<br/>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>2:05pm &ndash; 3:00pm</td>
    <td>
      <h4>Keynote Presentation
      </h4>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

---

**On the Visual Imagination**

_Professor Robert Ghrist, University of Pennsylvania_

This will be an entertaining tour through the
use of visualization in the intersection between
topological and educational endeavors; a meditation
on the role of both static and dynamic visualization;
and the primacy of the visual imagination for spurring
developments.

#### Speaker

<img style="padding: 0; margin: 0 0 1em 1em; float: right; width: 20%" src="assets/ghrist.jpg" />
Robert Ghrist (Ph.D., Cornell, Applied Mathematics, 1995) is the Andrea Mitchell PIK Professor of Mathematics and Electrical & Systems Engineering at the University of Pennsylvania. He is a recognized leader in the field of Applied Algebraic Topology, working in sensor networks, robotics, signal processing, data analysis, optimization, and more. He is an award-winning researcher, teacher, and expositor of Mathematics and its applications. In his spare time, he enjoys animation and video production.

<br>

---

<table class="program">
  <tr>
    <td>3:00pm &ndash; 3:15pm</td>
    <td>
      <h4>Session: Performance</h4>
      (Session Chair: Brian Summa)
      <ul>
        <li>
           Fast Merge Tree Computation via SYCL
           <br><i>Arnur Nigmetov, Dmitriy Morozov</i> (online)
           <br/>
        </li>
        <li>
           Counterexamples expose gaps in the proof of time complexity for cover trees introduced in 2006
           <br><i>Yury Elkin, Vitaliy Kurlin</i>
           <br/>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>
  
  <tr>
    <td>3:15pm &ndash; 3:45pm</td>
    <td>Break</td>
  </tr>
  
  <tr>
    <td>3:45pm &ndash; 3:59pm</td>
    <td>
      <h4>Session: Comparison</h4>
      (Session Chair: Brian Summa)
      <ul>
        <li>
           Autoencoder-Aided Visualization of Collections of Morse Complexes
           <br><i>Jixian Li,Dan Van Boxel, Joshua A Levine</i>
           <br/>
        </li>
        <li>
           A Deformation-based Edit Distance for Merge Trees
           <br><i>Florian Wetzels, Christoph Garth</i>
           <br/>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>  
  
  <tr>
    <td>3:59pm &ndash; 4:20pm</td>
    <td>
      <h4>Session: Bivariate and vector data</h4>
      (Session Chair: Christoph Garth)
      <ul>
        <li>
           Reduced Connectivity for Local Bilinear Jacobi Sets
           <br><i>Daniel Kl&ouml;tzl, Tim Krake, Youjia Zhou, Kathrin Schulte, Ingrid Hotz, Bei Wang, Daniel Weiskopf</i>
           <br/>
        </li>
        <li>
           Jacobi Set Driven Search for Flexible Fiber Surface Extraction
           <br><i>Mohit Sharma, Vijay Natarajan</i> (online)
           <br/>
        </li>
        <li>
           Discussion and Visualization of Distinguished Hyperbolic Trajectories as a Generalization of Critical Points to 2D Time-dependent Flow
           <br><i>Roxana Bujack</i> (online)
           <br/>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>  
  
  <tr>
    <td>4:20pm &ndash; 4:34pm</td>
    <td>
      <h4>Session: Analytics</h4>
      (Session Chair: Christoph Garth)
      <ul>
        <li>
           ClassMat: a Matrix of Small Multiples to Analyze the Topology of Multiclass Multidimensional Data
           <br><i>Michael Aupetit, Ahmed Ali, Abdelkader Baggag, Halima Bensmail</i> (online)
           <br/>
        </li>
        <li>
           Untangling Force-Directed Layouts Using Persistent Homology
           <br><i>Bhavana Doppalapudi, Bei Wang, Paul Rosen</i>
           <br/>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr> 
  
  <tr>
    <td>4:34pm &ndash; 4:55pm</td>
    <td>
      <h4>Session: Applications</h4>
      (Session Chair: Federico Iuricich)
      <ul>
        <li>
           Exploring Cyclone Evolution with Hierarchical Features
           <br><i>Emma Nilsson, Jonas Lukasczyk, Wito Engelke, Talha Bin Masood, Gunilla Svensson, Rodrigo Caballero, Christoph Garth, Ingrid Hotz</i>
           <br/>
        </li>
        <li>
           Towards Benchmark Data Generation for Feature Tracking in Scalar Fields
           <br><i>Emma Nilsson, Jonas Lukasczyk, Talha Bin Masood, Christoph Garth, Ingrid Hotz</i>
           <br/>
        </li>
        <li>
           Subject-Specific Brain Activity Analysis in fMRI Data Using Merge Trees
           <br><i>Farhan Rasheed, Daniel J&ouml;nsson, Emma Nilsson, Talha Bin Masood, Ingrid Hotz</i> (online)
           <br/>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr> 
  
  <tr>
    <td>4:55pm &ndash; 5:00pm</td>
    <td>
      <h4>Early career lightning talks</h4>
      (Session Chair: Federico Iuricich)
      <ul>
        <li>
           Raghavendra Sridharamurthy
           <br><i> Indian Institute of Science</i>
           <br/>
        </li>
        <li>
           Tananun Songdechakraiwut
           <br><i>University of Wisconsin–Madison</i>
           <br/>
        </li>
        <li>
           Hyeon Jeon
           <br><i>Seoul National University</i>
           <br/>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr> 
  
  <tr>
    <td>5:00pm &ndash; 5:05pm</td>
    <td>
      <h4>Best paper award and closing</h4>
<!--       (Session Chair: TDA) -->
    </td>
  </tr> 
</table>
